# Generative-AI
project about AI from team DTN
  1. Summary of research and investigation situation at home and abroad:
 a. Situation summary:
 + Domestically: AI artificial intelligence technology and AI-based development fields are booming. Jobs related to the IT field in particular as well as office jobs in general are gradually becoming too overwhelming for workers. Therefore, applying AI like ChatGPT to work helps and improves work efficiency, but today's popular AIs are all broad AIs, which means they can support many fields but are not specialized. Deep knowledge in a specialized field makes it difficult to apply AI to work.
 + Abroad: AI is currently the technology field with the strongest development trend in recent years, the race for AI technology between technology giants such as GOOGLE, OpenAi, Microsoft, ... is gradually making AI perfect at an unprecedented level. Along with that, AI seems to have crept into every aspect of social life, however, AI is currently being processed using a broad learning model instead of deep learning, so making judgments about these fields is difficult. High expertise also has many limitations and errors. Therefore, designing and creating AI with optimized Database for each field is essential.
 b. Actual needs and ability to apply project results:
 + Actual needs: The application of Ai's suggestion system is urgent, especially in educational and research establishments, etc. Building a suggestion system based on a pre-loaded, replaceable database Changes help improve the reliability of AI's information processing, thereby increasing the accuracy of returned results.
 + Development potential: Provide effective support tools for pupils and students in learning, provide suggestions to users based on pre-loaded user data or use on built-in data files OpenAI integration.
